Built monorepo handbook (#1881)
vercel/turborepo: docs/pages/docs/handbook/dev.mdx

# Development tasks in a Monorepo

The vast majority of dev workflows look like this:

1. Open a repository
2. Run a `dev` task while they develop
3. At the end of the day, shut down the `dev` task and close the repository.

`dev` will likely be the most frequently run task in your repository, so getting it right is important.

## Types of `dev` tasks

`dev` tasks come in many shapes and sizes:

1. Running a local development server for a web app
1. Running [`nodemon`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodemon) to re-run a backend process every time code changes.
1. Running tests in `--watch` mode

## Setup with Turborepo

You should specify your dev task like this in your `turbo.json`.

```json filename="turbo.json"
{
  "pipeline": {
    "dev": {
      "cache": false
    }
  }
}
```

> Since `dev` tasks don't produce outputs, `outputs` is empty. Dev tasks are also unique in that you _never_ want to [cache](/docs/core-concepts/caching) them, so we set `cache` as `false`.

Reviewer: feels a bit strong to put ourselves into this "never" corner. is this really true?

Author: Rarely also works here.

> Since `dev` tasks don't produce outputs, `outputs` is empty. Dev tasks are also unique in that you _never_ want to [cache](/docs/core-concepts/caching) them, so we set `cache` as `false`.

Author: ```suggestion
Since `dev` tasks don't produce outputs, `outputs` is empty. Dev tasks are also unique in that you rarely want to [cache](/docs/core-concepts/caching) them, so we set `cache` as `false`.
```

### Setting up `package.json`

You should also provide a `dev` task in your root `package.json`:

```json filename="package.json"
{
  "scripts": {
    "dev": "turbo run dev"
  }
}
```

> This will allow developers to run the task directly from their normal task runner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enables developers to run the task directly from their normal task runner.
```
